[Music]
six reasons why you still haven't found
love so you're perfectly ready to
finally meet the one but it hasn't
happened yet and you can't figure out
why well there's a good chance you are
still alone due to one of the six
reasons we're about to share with you
who could have guessed that our parents
could be to blame
before we start take a moment to
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
post notifications to keep up with our
updates 1 there's no room in your life
for love you're sure that you're ready
to be with a love of your life forever
and ever oh but you're not gonna see
this person tonight because you're
staying late in the office just like you
have for the past several days you just
can't say no to your boss when he wants
you to do some extra work that's
actually not even your responsibility on
the weekends you see your friends and
listen to them talk about their personal
lives or maybe you have a child and
you're constantly occupied with them and
only them well what can I tell you love
simply can't squeeze into your life
because it's so jam-packed with other
stuff New York Times bestselling author
and consultant Steve McClatchy explains
that we shouldn't try to deal with all
our problems and responsibilities all at
once misplaced priorities don't allow us
to be happy and move forward first of
all love yourself going home on time is
a good place to start it might shock
your boss at first to hear that you're
not staying late to do extra work but
saying no is the only way to show them
that you're not just some workaholic and
that you value your free time and
private life let your mom stay home with
the little one I'm sure she'd love to
spend more time with her grandkid with
all this new free time you'll have a
chance to pursue a new romantic
adventure and your friends will get to
hear about your personal life for a
change too you won't let go of your
previous relationship
so you finally found time for a date you
spend close to an eternity in front of
the mirror trying on different outfits
practicing your body language and
rehearsing your lines but deep down
inside you just want to cry because when
you think about love your ex pops into
your mind
he was just so handsome and funny and
perfect in every single way well
tonight's potential suitor will
definitely get the message that there's
no way to win over your heart because
it's still occupied by your ex the great
Sigmund Freud himself wrote how
important it is to leave past
relationships in the past and you got to
admit there's no arguing with someone of
Freud's caliber just answer one simple
question
why are you still hung up on the ex your
relationship is over the time machine
hasn't been invented yet and you can't
change anything your ex isn't perfect it
just seems that way in your own head so
delete those wacky selfies of the two of
you skating traveling or doing whatever
together off your phone and throw away
any printed pictures of it get rid of
objects that remind you of him you can
donate the useful ones to charity and
kill two birds with one stone
psychoanalyst Otto kernberg thinks that
subconscious emotions and fantasies have
a huge impact on our new relationships
let yourself move forward it's time to
be happy
3 you spend too much time at home
fatigue bad weather an enthralling book
or a marathon of your favorite show are
a few of the reasons why we might decide
to spend the day inside or maybe you
just have homey hobbies like knitting or
putting puzzles together so you stay at
home in fact you're such a master level
hermit that you'll come up with an
excuse just to stay at home when your
own friends invites you out even on the
weekends but then again you feel so sad
and lonely when there's nobody around to
hug or cuddle with a lonely attention
deprived homebody
sound familiar hit that like button if
so it's okay
you're not alone newsflash
mr. perfect probably isn't going to
break into your house and steal your
heart let's be honest if you limit
yourself to the four walls that surround
you you're likely to have a date only
with your fridge there's a wonderful
world beyond your house so make an
effort to get acquainted with it who
knows maybe the love of your life will
be there to help you get back on your
feet after a fall at the skating rink
heck if you skate like me you might even
accidentally plow right into it
you too will be falling on your butts
and in love at the same time for you
neglect your appearance there you go you
did it the waiter notices your cute
friend but takes your order with a poker
face a handsome man sits next to the
woman in the bright red dress but hardly
looks your way sure your favorite worn
in leggings oversized sweater dirty old
chucks and messy bun are super
comfortable but you might want to save
clothes like that for lounging around
the house if you're looking for love mom
always used to say that people will love
your soul and intelligence and that's
totally true but you have to get
someone's attention before they fall in
love with you right leo Landis an expert
in the psychology of communication says
that the first impression is the
foundation of your future relationship
and if you look sloppy and don't pay
attention to your appearance people will
get the impression that you just don't
care about anything even if this isn't
true
of course it's important to be smart and
have a good personality but you also
have to look good and seem approachable
to others and please please don't forget
to smile I can almost hear the guys
offering you a drink right now
five you value your parents opinion more
than your own the precious moment has
finally come you start falling in love
mom asks about his hobbies and dad is
interested in his job together they come
to the conclusion that he's not good
enough for you and now you're torn
between your feelings and their
disappointment don't sweat it
doctors Tim faucet and pete vandenberg
from the University of Bristol conducted
some serious scientific research and
concluded that parents almost never
liked their kids choice of a partner and
it's a totally normal thing it might
have to do with evolution since it's
been like that for centuries while you
might fall for his attractiveness sense
of humor and incredible guitar playing
your parents probably care more about
his background and financial stability
of course parental authority is an
important part of upbringing mom doesn't
like this about him dad doesn't like
that
but your parents have already found
their love and built a family now it's
your turn to do the same
let yourself follow your own feelings
and opinion who knows maybe your
creative boyfriend is determined enough
to become a successful music producer or
a sound engineer and your parents will
understand your choice as well 6 you
won't try new things you always meet
your friends at the same exact cafe and
you only choose chick flicks at the
movies
you're convinced that only smart guys go
to museums and there's no such thing as
a jock who likes art your narrow views
and habits don't allow you to move
forward and branch out you're so scared
to try something new that you'll likely
walk right past a stud at the beach just
because all your ex-boyfriends were more
on the geeky side and less on the
muscley one you my friend are stuck in
your old ways
you need to pop that protective little
bubble around you and go out on a limb
be spontaneous the world is huge and
diverse and true love is waiting for you
beyond this rut of familiar places and
habits you've got stuck in go see a
sci-fi movie instead of a rom-com skip
the museum and maybe try watching a game
at the stadium do something you've never
done before and open your heart to your
happily ever after
do you have any ideas on how to find
true love
share with us in the comment section
below be sure to like this video and
send it to all your single friends if
you're new to our channel don't forget
to hit subscribe stay with us on the
bright side of life
you